happier news we are packing up and
heading east next week for a full week
of shows in Brooklyn New York from the
Brooklyn Academy of Music where will we
be joined by Bruce Springsteen Bernie
Sanders John Krasinski Benedict
Cumberbatch Kelly Ripa Alicia Keys
Bill Murray Ellie Kemper Paul Shaffer
David Byrne the National Andy Murphy
will be with us and some surprised
luminaries will join as well and to let
people know we're coming we've tasked
Guillermo with the job of going
cross-country on a bus to spread the
news like a like a drunken Paul Revere
and today the year mobile pulled in
Chicago there is the bus there's the Old
Town Ale House
get an early game oh yeah how you doing
it I'm doing well how was the ride from
Dallas to Chicago oh my god Lauren like
almost 18 hours almost 18 hours do you
know what state you're in right now any
noise that's right good so the Old Town
Ale House has been around Chicago for
more than 60 years and it's known for
they have these paintings all over the
walls and is the guy who made the
paintings there with you tonight
Guillermo oh that's Bruce al Qaeda's
special people
Bruce all right what do you got there
fours bruise okay go ahead
Bruce's mad already oh wow that's a the
reason you lose my label bigger than you
Jimmy is because I used to be a sidekick
a few times myself how hard it is making
a star look good
and Garba does a great job of doing that
I agree with you that's really well the
talent is is right here so there's where
Bo yeah there's Jimmy yeah I look a
little bit like Dom Hussein's sons in
that painting we did and Guillermo that
I think that was from Guillermo is
confirmation or something there's a lot
more than this oh well Bruce thank you
for doing that look old bear man is
there from the bear man John
Bearman in the house that I think he'll
be excited about the safety for the
Chicago Bears who has what I believe
might be the greatest name in sports
Clinton dicks
[Applause]
all right I think you just got balls
haha are you doing doing well how are
you thanks for coming and meeting up
with Guillermo has this subject has the
city of Chicago welcoming to you here in
your first season there
oh yeah there's been a great debate here
but I'm enjoy myself here thanks hard
one question I have for you about your
name when you laugh at someone's texts
do you type lol or HHA and if so is that
confusing well it's quite a party going
on there Guillermo by the way these are
going to become increasingly less
coherent as these go on where are you
headed tomorrow
Guillermo ah we'll be there in a piece
for tomorrow GV in what peace brother
try caramell we have Primanti Brothers
in the Strip District in Pittsburgh
tomorrow night eating his weight in
sandwiches with french fries on them
well thank you all
safely here mo congratulations on making
it to the end of the YouTube video why
not celebrate by clicking the subscribe
button you earned it